---
layout: post
title:  "Summer Internship 2021 (Feb. 25)"
date:   2021-01-26 11:02:00 -0500
categories: [teaching]
---

Applications are currently open for the 2021 LCO internship program. This program is intended for current undergraduate science, engineering and computer science students (or students who have recently graduated). Recent attendees of Coding Bootcamps are also welcome.

To apply, fill in our application form, AND send your CV to <lcojobs@lco.global> with the subject "Internship Application". We will be in touch with you if we have a position available. Applications submitted by *February 25*, 2021 will receive full consideration for our 2021 summer internship period.

Please note: it’s possible this year’s Internship Program will be fully Remote. Stay tuned!

A few things about our internships:


- Internships are paid (yay!)
- 6 weeks long
- 35 hours/week: M-F, 9-5pm PST


At LCO our people come from diverse backgrounds and cultures, providing the fuel that powers innovation and the success of our mission. We are actively engaged in developing and improving our policies and practices in order to create an equitable environment where everyone belongs and can do their best work. We strive to build and nurture a culture that is welcoming and inclusive of people from diverse backgrounds with regard to race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, disability and veteran status.

Please see our LCO Internship Program page for more information about the program, resources, and past projects.
